Update SDN support removal part  in update-best-practices.adoc file (#90028)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-best-practices.adoc

[id="sdn-support-removal"]
=== SDN support removal

OpenShift SDN network plugin was deprecated in versions 4.15 and 4.16. Starting with {product-title} 4.17, the SDN network plugin is no longer supported and the content has been removed from the documentation.

If your {product-title} cluster is still using the OpenShift SDN CNI, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/networking/ovn-kubernetes-network-plugin#migrate-from-openshift-sdn[Migrating from the OpenShift SDN network plugin].

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is not possible to update a cluster to {product-title} 4.17 or 4.18 if it is using the OpenShift SDN network plugin. You must migrate to the OVN-Kubernetes plugin before upgrading to {product-title} 4.17 or 4.18. 

Reviewer: A suggestion so that this does not need changes again in other versions:
This would make it possible to merge into `main` and subsequent versions, if needed.

```suggestion
It is not possible to update a cluster to {product-title} 4.17 and later if it is using the OpenShift SDN network plugin. You must migrate to the OVN-Kubernetes plugin before upgrading to {product-title} 4.17 and later.
```
